What's up y'all? Rob here, Square
Wheels. It's been a minute, but I am
back and today I am installing the AU
car 13.6 in Tesla style screen. This is
the Mark 5. It is [music] touted to be
direct competition for the Phoenix Auto
Mark III. Uh, and I am going through the
installation and documenting it for you
today. Now, this will likely be the
first in a couple videos. This is just
the installation today and then I will
cover a features overview uh in another
video. So, be sure to subscribe if this
is something that you're interested in.
Also, uh check out the link in the
description. This unit is up for sale
now and there will be a coupon code in
the description also to save you a
couple bucks.
All right, so here I am in the interior
of the Infiniti Q50. What [music] I'm
going to do today is just kind of walk
you through how to install the Tesla
style screen [music] by AU car. Now, the
strategy for this is going to be similar
whether or not you've got the AU car,
Tesla screen, or any of the other uh
manufacturers. What we want to do is
essentially remove all of the trim and
the vents around the center console
here. and we're going to want to remove
everything that we're going to need to
do in order to get rid of the bottom
screen [music] and the top fascia around
the uh top screen. So, to get it
started, what we're doing is just
pulling on this trim right here. And
it's just held on with some uh metal
clips. Once you give it a little tug, it
should be able to remove it. And then
the same thing on the other side.
Once you've removed that leather trim
piece, uh it exposes this screw over
here, which you will want to remove. And
as you start removing these screws, all
this will start becoming a bit more
flexible and a bit more accessible.
Now, to fully remove this center console
area and be able to get rid of this
bottom screen, we're going to need to
move our shifter back into the drive
position. and actually uh lift the top
of the shift knob off. Um, that's going
to let us pull the center console. In
order to do that, you just want to pull
down the skirt of the uh shift boot and
remove that metal pin. And that's going
to let you pull the shift knob up.
So, for this step, I just got my set of
uh needle-nose pliers and I pulled that
little metal pin out. And as I do it,
you can see the uh shift knob pop up
just a little bit. So, that's how you
know that it's free, and you can just
lift the shift knob [music] up. Now, as
long as your car is in the accessory
position, you should be able to um move
the shift knob back to the drive
position, and you'll see how that'll be
useful in just 1 second.
If you're wondering, this kit does come
with instructions, but you can tell that
they are not written by an English
speaker. This step tells you to take the
cup holder on the loose.
Oh.
All right. Now that we've got that screw
removed and we remove the shift knob, uh
we should be able to get this center
console area out. Uh just remember, uh
and you can see that I didn't remember
it here. you need to shift the shift
knob [music] into like driver neutral
just to have it standing straight up and
that will let you pull the uh cover for
your center console out. Um there's
going to be a few pins underneath here
uh that you need to disconnect. They're
the same sort of push pins where you
just kind of push a little tab down and
[music] you can disconnect them. Don't
necessarily worry about uh what's
plugged into what. You can't plug them
into the wrong spot. So, it's kind of
helpful there.
Now, once you've lifted it up, yours is
probably going to look a little
different than mine because I've got
these smart auto kits, which I cover in
another video. Uh, as a part of this
install, I'm removing the smart auto
kits because the new Tesla screen
basically does everything that [music]
the smart auto kits does and more. Okay,
with that removed, we can keep moving
along the side of the screens here. Uh,
with all these screws removed, we can
remove this vent. It's just a easy pull
out. Just make sure you don't break
anything. And same thing on the
passenger side.
Just a little pull and your vent comes
out
nice and easy. Now, in doing that,
again, you're going to keep exposing
screws to make sure that you can remove
all this stuff. If you want to remove
that,
try to left-hand it.
that pop my cup holder,
keeping all my screws. Okay, you'll see
here there's another screw
that's holding this lower unit in.
[music] You basically want to loosen all
this stuff so you can get this facade
off. Um, get access behind this screen
here. And there's some additional work
that we're going to need to do for that,
too.
Okay. And now with that final screw
removed, we can pull up on this bottom
screen. And you'll see there's a couple
tabs just holding this on up at the top.
But now we've removed the bottom screen
and the top uh [music] fascia trim. And
that's all we're going to need to remove
in order to install the Tesla style
screen. Um we're still going to need to
get behind the top screen cuz there's
some things from the Tesla screen that
we'll need [music] to plug in. Um but
this is all that you're going to remove
ultimately. And then the Tesla screen is
going to go on top of all this. Okay.
So, once you've got uh all the tabs
clear from this, you're going to want to
remove the wiring from the back of this.
And this wiring is going to end up
plugging into the back of your Tesla
screen. I'll show you how to do that.
But basically, to remove these, it's
going to be the same sort of concept
where you just push down on the pin and
the entire connector just comes loose.
Push down and the connector comes loose.
That's it. So, now your bottom screen is
free. You're not going to need that
anymore, so store it somewhere safe in
case you ever want to go back to stock.
Okay, so our next step is going to be to
continue removing the top screen [music]
so we can get behind it. Uh there,
you'll see very clearly there's four
screws that are holding it um
underneath.
So just unscrew all those screws and
it's the same sort of concept. Once you
remove these screws, it'll become very
loose and you'll be able to pull it out.
Now, you may choose to do this a little
differently. I pull the screen out
completely because I had to remove my
Smart Autokits uh piggyback. Um, and no
matter what, you're going to need to get
back there in order to uh plug in. So, I
took the top screen out. Um, and it
really just kind of helped me see what
plugs to what. Um, so I'll show you
that. But maybe using the information
that I was able to find, maybe you won't
need to fully remove the screen. That's
up to you.
Again,
we got the same concept here once we've
removed all the screws we need to. We've
got several um harnesses on the back
where we just want to do the same
concept. Push the pins down and remove
the wiring harness. Don't worry about
what's plugged into what here. You're
not going to break anything by
disconnecting it. And you can't plug the
wrong thing into the wrong spot. It's
all colorcoded and all the harness
connectors are [music] sized with the
right um size connector and right size
pin so you can only plug it into where
it needs to get plugged into.
All right. From this point, I took the
top screen as well as the uh Tesla unit
into my lab. I'm not going to bore you
with the whole unboxing, but I will say
that AUKAR did a great job with
attention to detail and packaging this
to make sure that it arrived uh safely
in one piece and it had all the parts I
needed for the install. So, two thumbs
up to AUAR for that.
All right, so here we are in the lab. I
am going to put down the screen uh face
down just so I can see all the spots for
the connection. [music] And then I also
have the OEM screen from my car and I
know there's some points that I'm going
to need to connect. So I'm putting that
down face down just so I can see, you
know, when I pull out each of the wires
from the kit from the Tesla screen, I
can see exactly where they need to plug
into.
So here you'll see I've got the
instructions from AU car. Uh I'm going
to be honest, they were a bit difficult
to read. Uh you can tell uh you know
English is not the native language. So I
kind of had to take some liberties here
and use the images um to dictate the the
steps that I went through to get this uh
assembled.
All right. This next harness here is for
auxiliary video. So you're going to use
this if you have any other video inputs
like I don't know like a Nintendo Xbox
whatever or front video. So, you've got
several uh inputs that you can uh
display video on the uh Tesla screen.
[music]
All right. This next one looks like RCA
preamp outputs. So, you've got one for
each channel, left, right, front, and
rear, [music] and subwoofer. So, this
one's going to plug into the back of the
Tesla unit. And [music] uh I think this
is optional. If you want to uh run this
signal to your amps, you have the option
to do that. I just left these [music]
dangling.
Okay. This AU car comes with a
microphone as well as a little speaker.
And this is the connector that you use
to hook that up.
I'm going to be honest, I don't really
like the idea of a separate small
speaker, so I didn't actually install
this on my car, but if you want it, you
know, this is where you plug it in, and
you can figure out a place to put it.
This unit also came with a microphone,
and this is what you're going to use for
your hands-free phone calls, as well as
your hands-free voice assistant.
All right. This unit comes with a GPS
antenna. And once you get it out of the
pack, you're going to want to plug it in
on this spot here. It's going to be a
simple screw in.
Okay. This one looks interesting. So,
you can tell from this one that it's
going to be a piggyback harness. It's
going to take the signal from uh your
vehicle and it's going to piggyback it
and send [music] it through to um
somewhere. So, I know that this probably
goes on some spot on my factory screen.
[music]
And uh after sniffing around a little
bit, I saw exactly where it goes.
So, you can see here, it's going to take
the signal in. It's going to send it
through to the top screen still, but
it's also going to send that signal
through to display some data on the uh
Tesla screen. So, I'm going to take the
other end of this harness and plug it
right to where it belongs [music] on the
Tesla screen.
All right. Here we have yet another
piggyback. So, this tells me that it's
going to plug into my factory screen
again uh on this side. And this looks
like a video. So, I'm guessing that this
is going to be the video for the backup
camera. So again, plug it into the
factory screen and this other end will
take the signal from the car [music] and
send the backup camera signal to the
backup camera port on the Tesla screen.
Boom. There we go.
[music] All right. So, not rocket
science. Uh I went through and checked
all my work. Made sure that everything
was plugged in snugly. Um, I saw that
there were still some open ports and I
pretty much just assumed that uh
anything that needed to be connected I
was going to uh plug in from those ports
that I disconnected from the top screen.
So, um I'm ready to take both of these
units and install it back in the car and
look at anything that's kind of hanging
out of my dashboard and try to find a
spot to plug it in.
All right, so now [music] I am back in
the car and what I'm doing is working
top to bottom. So, I'm installing the
top screen. I'm not screwing anything
in. I'm just making all the connections
that [music] I disconnected, uh,
including those new piggyback harnesses
that we just installed. So, here you see
we're taking the, uh, original cable
that's kind of hanging out of the dash,
connecting it to the piggyback, and then
just working my way through. Just keep
picking one of the wires that we already
disconnected from the top screen, and
put it right back into the color-coded
slot. Now, I didn't have a a camera, you
know, squeezed in here, so you can't
really see it, but as I said, it's all
color coded, and you can't put the pin
in the wrong spot. So, just make sure
you put everything back exactly the way
that it was, uh, you know, when you were
unplugging them.
Now, the whole reason we removed the
center console was [music] to access the
USB ports in your glove box, kind of
under where your your elbow goes. So,
there's this uh another piggy back
basically that uh connects to the USB
cables under your glove box. And I'll
show you how to get them in.
You just want to unplug the factory
signal. And then you're going to take
the wire that AU car provided and it's
another piggyback. So, it's just going
to sit on top of that signal. Plug right
into the factory wire. And then you're
going to plug their piggy back right
into um the back of the USB port in your
console. And then the other the other
end of this cable is going to go right
to um your
Tesla screen.
All right. So, here's a good example.
So, I just popped the top screen in. I
didn't screw anything in, but here we
can see that there's some wire hanging
out of the dash right here. And there's
a perfect spot for it to plug in into
the Tesla screen. So, I'm going to make
that happen.
All right. So, we've got everything
connected now. Uh, the unit should be
wired. So, what I did was [music] um put
the car in accessory mode just to see
and confirm that it powers on. And I
actually went through all the testing
just to make sure that the HVAC, you
know, all the radio, all the audio
works. Um, reverse camera. I just tested
everything really quickly just to make
sure that, um, you know, once I button
this back up, I'm going to actually be
able to use my car and use the unit. Um,
and it turns out everything worked
pretty well.
Now, this unit is a full Android tablet
with App Store. So, uh, I got started on
installing some apps just to see, you
know, how it performed and, you know,
uh, what apps it accepted. I didn't run
into any issues. Basically, it's it's
full Android, so it can download [music]
and install any app from the App Store.
I got YouTube on there. I got everything
I need, but I'll cover all that, all the
capabilities in a separate video.
All right. So once you've confirmed that
the unit is working and everything is
connected well, what you're going to
want to do is reverse all your steps and
button everything back up. So take all
those screws, screw the top screen back
in. Um the Tesla screen pairs up to all
the screws that your bottom screen came
out of. So um everything should button
up pretty tightly. Uh once I was all
done, everything looked like an OEM fit.
So, if if that didn't work out for you,
just review the steps, you know, retrace
your steps. Um, everything should fit
perfectly flush.
[music]
Hey,
hey, hey.
All right, y'all. Well, that's it.
Install is complete. I am putting this
unit through its paces now. Over the
next uh week or so, I'm going to
document all the features and
functionality of it. But, as I said
before, the link to this unit is in the
description, and I've got a limited time
coupon code that I'm also putting in the
description. So, if you're interested in
picking this up, go ahead and do it
quickly. Uh that coupon code will save
you a couple bucks. Uh that's it for the
installation video. As usual, thanks for
checking me out. If you got any value
from this, please please consider liking
and subscribing. It really helps out the
channel. Thanks y'all.